Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature. As
they go to their males, they seductively
seduce them. But as they get babies,
they eat them. By the time they are done
eating, they search for another male to
eat seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles.
If you if you engage in one, please call
your doctor. 99999.
Seductive turtle.
Please call your
doctor. They eat
them.
Seductive. Please call your
doctor. They eat
them.
Seductive.
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go
Seductive
turtle. Please call your doctor.
They eat them.
Seductive turtle. Turtle. Turtle.
Turtle. If you engage Edward, please
call your doctor. 99999.
Please be careful. They're everywhere.
Seductive turtles.
[Music]
a a a
Okay. Okay.
[Music]
Okay, I think we're about ready. Well,
ready as I'll ever
be. Ready as I'll ever be.
Um, hello
plies and uh gentle plies and
uh blueberries and uh
yeah, we are here with uh we're doing
this [__] thing, I
guess.
Um where are we?
Let
me post the thing in the thing really
quickly. Let me release
pills. I think it's same as yesterday.
Oh, I think Fluffy is not here. But
otherwise, same as yesterday.
Daddy said hello world. I'm so scared.
Hello. Del rune.
Okay.
Um, yeah.
I I don't really know where to start
with this.
It's just going to be a doozy one way or
another. So, may as well
just just let it
happen. Me screen share and uh we'll be
on our
way. Del rune. Do we want to Why don't
we We can start out with the pel
pelled. We haven't done that in a while.
I
need something
to stabilize me. Yeah, I finished
chapter 3
yesterday.
Um, a lot of the chapter stuff didn't
hit for me until when I was done with
stream. So, that was interesting.
Um, let's just start let's just start
small
here. Let's uh You're not You're on
starting screen. Soon screen, am I? No.
I think I think it's stream
delay. I think it's not the stream
delay.
Um or pay
uh
strong horses.
I have
Oh, cute. QD8
[Music]
marks [__] uh Delta's making me lock
into the punnel death.
Now squad
arrives unmistak unmistakly letter she
wrote
me. I think that's
uh comments.
Yeah, Katie Marks feels like a million
years
ago. Phobia. Nice.
Hyperion. Damn.
I'm Where do I find a high quality of
that flower background? It's so good.
Uh, this thing. Hold on. This
thing.
[Music]
Um, complicate. I have a complicated
answer to that. I don't know if I want
to do the lore of that yet.
Um, guys, I don't know who's going to
remember this, but when Love and Pony
Step is
out, remind me to tell you all the lore
of this
wallpaper because it has
lore. So, I'm going to gateep it for
now, but when when Love and Pony Step is
out, remind me to tell you the lore of
this
background. Try not to forget cuz I will
forget. Um,
don't forget I'm with you. Relax.
Now, curious, is this fulminated mercury
or is this nurture? It's one of Mercury
cuz of course it is
[Music]
uh Strange World. Oh, what? Wait, no,
it's [__] uh sorceress, right? I
think Strange World. It's the same key
in that one specific moment. I
guess we word.
Well, that's easy. That was pretty easy.
I should know what this is, but I
don't. The
[__] It's a fair I think it's a fairy
tale
song. Oh, is it a No,
wait. I was about to say a song that
isn't out.
Not quite. Not really.
That wouldn't have been very
helpful. What is this? I think it's from
fairy tales.
I can see fairy tales, but I don't know
what specifically either. Is it medly of
visions?
No. It's a magic show.
Interesting part is
this. What? What part of the song is
this? I have no idea. Whatever.
Whatever. You made the song. Whatever. I
did made I did made the song. You made
the song. You did make the song.
Jealousy. I'm stalling. I am the one.
There's Strange World. That's not
Strange World. That's sorcery again.
Okay. Oh god, this Oh my god, the song's
pretty similar. They're really not. Oh,
this says keeps.
No. What? What am I
doing? No, not Pumbra. Relax. It's
fixiated. I'm like throwing [__] at the
wall right now for no reason. Is it
Yeah. Okay. It gave up on me. Go on. Can
I say my clever oneliner? Okay. What
now? Can I say my clever oneliner? What
is your clever oneliner? Hello, I'm the
lost Pippens. Hello, I'm the Lost
Pippens.
Oh, I get it.
Okay, one more. I have to get a good
score this time.
Thanks. That's no matter what. 2013, I
think,
but 2012. Okay, same
thing. Fresh
kill.
Cross. Oh, thank you. Oh, right when I
said I wanted a good score. Okay, let me
turn up my volume.
Is that I feel I feel like that's a
sem. There's a texture to it.
Okay, never mind. Give girls that.
[__] Okay, that doesn't count.
[Music]
Okay, we play Delta when I get a perfect
score. One more time.
I'm
[__] I know what this says. I should
know what this is.
I don't know.
I don't
know. I don't [__] know.
I can't tell if that's Izzy's guitar pie
or
mine. Oh, wait. Is this uh Soundscape
diary?
[__] Oh, it's uh
it's trails. Wow. Okay.
Why not
delivery? Okay.
Um I know a part of the song
that Oh, whatever.
[Music]
Okay.
Alliance. Gee.
What?
Like I was right, but it's fine, I
guess. Stop giving me these.
Context, please. I
have vinyl record noise in
here. Drum's really
muted. Is that like
F? Can't tell if it resolves on F# or if
that's just the chord we're hearing.
The kid kept
running.
No. Oh, wow. Okay, that's um
fleeting. Wow.
[Music]
So it doesn't resolve on
F#. Why is it
okay? This is uh I think it's the end
of On the
Sea. Yeah.
[Music]
It's giving me a bunch of really hard
ones right now for whatever
reason. I don't know what this is. I
want to say it's diaryish I kept
but Oh, it's
cross.
Okay. Okay. Give me I need one more. I
need a perfect
score. Okay, that's
uh
good.
Why? Why?
Aster.
Oh, it's fleeting
again. [__] the world.
[Music]
Why am I forgetting everything? I don't
know what this is.
[Music]
Whatever.
Oh, it
is. Letter to the princess or what the
[__] was it called? I don't remember
anymore.
My letter to the princess. My letter to
the
princess. Thank you.
[Music]
I still don't care about that
song. Not this one. The previous one.
Why is it just
[__] trying to hurt me right
now? Familiar feelings.
Oh, not fair.
Okay, I need a perfect score. This [__]
is getting so [__] all of a sudden.
[Music]
Okay, good start.
Okay, good.
[Music]
Second.
Uh,
sure. That's not base cannon.
You're Come on, man.
What's interesting is it starts off
with starts off with some sort of like
sounds like it's
E E minor 7 + 9 chord.
ambience of the start, but I had to skip
it. I was
right. Um, it's
uh that one
song. No, no. Cataclysm. Well, I already
got it wrong
anyway. Whatever, man. Give me a perfect
score, please.
I'm doing
it. Why are these all of a sudden really
hard?
Let's say the kid kept running. I was
like, "That's wrong. It's a
[Music]
typewriter." Here we go.
Thank
you.
Okay. I still wish I could have played
prom night at
Mayhem. Just wasn't working out for
me.
Okay, I'm going to ruin my life now.
[Music]
Don't know what that means.
Don't worry about
it.
[Music]
Okay. You know how I said this chapter
has my favorite music in the whole game?
Yeah. Also, it won't let me full screen
it, which is nice.
No, don't do that.
[Music]
Um,
I saw magnet freezing. They're just an
application of those things.
[Music]
Relax. Hey
There heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
[Music]
Oh, sinning. That reminds me. That
reminds me. That reminds me.
[Music]
really good season sprites. Yeah.
Aren't those the clothes I chose from
the thing?
They're the same for everyone. Oh.
[Music]
She look very nice. Sorry this is
happening.
[Music]
looks
different. Yeah.
[Music]
patch of sunlight that shouldn't be
here.
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't remember what that was.
[Music]
What's this? Really kind. Really kind.
You can't check the the blood stain. You
just have to be facing
[Music]
it. Damn it. We're going to be late.
Damn it.
[Music]
Yeah.
Well, that's
[Music]
Happy birthday, loser.
Yeah.
[Music]
What?
Sharon something and Noel.
[Music]
May we not forget the tale of Delta.
The tale of
[Music]
Delaroon. Why the [__] do I have like a
foam finger in church?
I was about to say, "Oh my god, look at
the flaggy waggies in the front
corner."
Crazy. Like, hey everybody. What's up?
Is this thing on? Lol. This the church
type [__] Woohoo. Go Jesus.
[Music]
Hey.
Wait, what is Caddyy going on about?
[Music]
What the [__] is Caddy talking about?
The the prince from the prophecy.
[Music]
could be any one of
us. But like that's the thing
like you've got to keep in mind we could
all
be someone that might change the world,
right? So we should all like be nice to
each other, right?
That's like the main thingy of our
religion,
right? Like just be nice to everyone.
We're all
family. No matter what kind of person or
who they
are. Like we believe weird crap, but
we're totally like welcoming. You don't
know who's going to grow up to be a
hero,
right? Like even maybe like I'm actually
a hero, too. Like maybe I'm keeping a
secret from you
guys. Psych is totally not me. Haha.
Or is it like totally keeping you
guessing, right? And like, yeah, okay.
Like, is this not the whole
thing? Maybe bad things happen in the
story,
too. Like, what's it called? A
calamity. But like, it's like all cool
because
[Music]
like, okay, actually, I don't remember
what
happens. I always fell asleep during the
reading tbh. Lol.
Oh my god. I'm like here. Can I give
some shout outs? Like shout out to my
mom and my
dad. Hey mom and
dad. And like shout out to my little
sister who couldn't make it here
today. I don't know what she's doing.
Committing with demons or something.
Lol. Yeah, she like does so cute. Am I
right?
She should come here and
like bask in like some totally holy
light
sometime. Lap her tongue in the holy
bowl of cat drinking water. Oh my god.
What? That's not for
drinking. Oh my god. I kept drinking it
because I was thirsty at
all. Oh my god. Haha.
[Music]
I get it. He said relax. The dialogue
might be
[Music]
over. Still laughing. Still
laughing. She's going to do a sponsor
[Music]
next. Oh, the rating's over, dude. We
were laughing for like 10
[Music]
minutes. Lost the
time.
[Music]
Relax. They're so
Norally kind. These are so good. Church
flavor.
Okay.
She's normal. She's so adorable. How?
Okay. Well,
where's Noel?
Uh, Noel's here, but you don't want to
talk to her yet. You want to talk to
everyone else first?
I'm
[Music]
just I just decided to randomly today.
Stop. That's your wife, you idiot.
Be so nice.
Oh, true.
[Music]
Okay. Gay
ass. That's so sweet.
[Music]
B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B
Bley,
not even his name. Just the other day,
that young man told me you waved
[Music]
Ash. You were like 73 years old. What
are you talking to me about? We testing
Berkeley told her. Yeah, Burgley. Yeah,
Berkeley. The one who baked the gamer's
delight.
I mean, the gun is delight. Why? Why is
this old lady talking to me about wave
dashing in church
because she that happened?
Chris the me try hard is wave dashing.
Okay, it's
fine. But please for
[Music]
for man. So this is this is what all
that sins about. The sinning isn't the
obvious stuff. The sinning is being
someone who wave dashes in
melee. Wow.
Okay. Good dialogue.
Really good.
like, okay. Yeah, I was I followed
[Music]
you. I go to the big church
match. What What manner of speech do you
are you having at me? Okay.
[Music]
Okay.
But but my genius daughter will know.
[Music]
The congregation was
massacred. Kenheimer's stay winning.
Okay, someone needs to take Toby Fox's
internet privileges away.
[Music]
We are crunching bones. We are
feminists. What on earth am I
experiencing right now?
[Music]
a flare for what? He didn't say the
line. It's okay.
Is this game gay? Is Wait,
guys. I think this game might be guy
who's only played Madden NFL and is
playing Delta Rune for some reason. Wait
a minute. Is this game woke? Holy [__]
I can't play this video game anymore.
[Music]
Try this as orange juice.
Blood of
[Music]
power. What' she What' she
say? Wait. Why did
[Music]
you get to the bottom of this gross, she
said.
Good. Not really. Now that I filled it
with, what did I do? Like 25% red and
75% yellow. And now it won't let me get
more.
Mhm.
[Music]
It's just It's just so groovular.
And yeah, the juice. My boyfriend loves
the juice. My boyfriend loves the juice.
Juice, dude. What are you What are you
saying to me? Your Your teacher looks
thirsty. Your teacher looks thirsty.
What? That one?
She's the one that's in the corner right
next to you that you're speaking about.
This
[Music]
one. Bless you.
Oh, wait. I accidentally made her combo.
Yeah, that's why I wouldn't let you get
more.
[Music]
how apparently Alphas is for joying
out. She You know what? She kind of she
she all she reads is the manga. So she
had to go look at gay people up close.
[Music]
Wait, this is this one is really kind.
It is really kind. It is pretty kind.
No. Yeah. No, I I meant to say it's like
cuz she's a lesbian, so she'd have to go
observe like the MLMs up
close. She had to go see the Yowi in
real life. She's like, "What's going on
on that side of
[Music]
things?" Scaring Alfus by taking her to
the bear knight at the gay bar.
Actually, never mind. I just remembered
Asgore.
Oh, yeah. She does have a crush on
Asgore. Yeah.
[Music]
Huh?
She doesn't know? Does she
know? Does she
[Music]
know? Hey, be nice to your mother. She's
all she You're all she You're all she
talks about in the
choir. You're her little snowball. Her
little slushie. Make your mother a
proud, Gris.
Crispy nice to your mother, your father,
your brother, and all
others. That's
[Music]
sweet. Shelter.
by Porter Robinson.
Oh, I get it. And
Maddie.
Okay. Wait, that was
racist. Stop being racist.
[Music]
Should I talk to Noel now? Uh, go over
there.
There's two people to talk to first. Oh,
yes.
[Music]
No, no, no. Don't do the family
gathering sentence.
[Music]
Key. Key.
Wow. In church.
[Music]
Wait, it's just occurring to me he's not
in the hospital.
Uh-huh.
Why isn't he in the hospital?
He started feeling a little better.
Why?
People do that sometimes.
Yeah. Yeah. When they're about to die.
You've seen my neighbor Todoro, right?
Yeah.
Don't worry about it right now.
[Music]
Daddy said, "I'm scared." Cuz don't
people sometimes feel better when
they're about to die?
[Music]
Crystal singers. Chris swears.
Don't know what that meant.
Now I talk the dialogue in earlier
chapters uh when you're at the when he's
at the hospital you talk to him and he
says something about key lime pie and
like wild party college days. Oh, I see.
Yeah. Uh yeah, you can talk to him now.
[Music]
Yeah, I'm sure
Oh,
I couldn't say the key
one. Uh that the key and the gate are
both uh clue related. Thanks.
[Music]
I can't say the word.
be normal.
She's not just like down bad. She's like
sunken.
Yeah. Down said normal. She's drowning.
[Music]
No.
What's all
that? This is okay. A great place to do
this, by the way, is church.
[Music]
Susie is getting her to do
crimes. Okay. Yeah.
[Music]
Hey, be nice. L lesbian polycule. No
burglies allowed. Okay. Well,
[Music]
I'm pushing Chris.
What the [__] hell are you doing
here?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
What's happening?
He Asgore has been like hermited for a
while now and he just [__] shows up
here.
He burst out of like a bush by the way.
Yeah.
And
Rudy Rudy is supposed to be like I don't
know terminal.
You should just keep playing. He's just
out and about. What's [__] going on?
What is up with everybody?
97.
It's fine.
Didn't ask for those. Didn't ask for
those.
What? Okay, really quick. This is
important. If you approach the gate to
Noel's house, it will initiate a cut
scene. So, you want to go everywhere but
there first. Okay. I don't know if I
remember where her house is. Um, it's to
the left where like Caddy and Brady's
house are. Oh, okay. Yeah, cuz I
accidentally did that and then I had to
like restart this whole section cuz I
was like I wasn't done. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi.
You should talk to her. Yeah.
Get over it. Sorry. Be nice.
Daddy said be so kind.
[Music]
Also, where do I put the the egg that I
have?
So, there's not a specific spot. Um, but
if
you Yeah, it just like disappears
between
chapters. And then if you go into the
school into Alpha's classroom, uh, there
are all the eggs there. So, I don't
know.
Okay.
I've looked it up and a lot of people
are confused about it.
So, nothing unusual.
[Music]
The mayor killed my briefcase with a
giant
katana. I can't complain. I voted for
this.
[Music]
Hey.
Muttering mice are
[Music]
cute. Can you not do
that? That's like Napster,
dude. I can go as slow as I want.
[Music]
The only thing that ever made her
nervous. Just don't do any big crimes
right now. Little crimes are fine
though. Yeah, for sure.
[Music]
I like the obligatory piano. Okay,
Rudy. Oh, look who's sick again.
[Music]
Yay.
I don't care.
[Music]
Okay, Susie.
is so
[Music]
nice.
Okay. Are they still going crazy over
church?
They're just like this about everything.
Hello.
[Music]
Ah, ah.
Okay.
[Music]
What are you What are you babbling
about?
Don't worry about it,
Chris. You walk with the oursed beast.
[Music]
Okay.
What are you talking about?
[Music]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no. No, no, no. It's fine. Calm
down. Oh. Oh my god. What year? What
year are we
in? Oh, here come that boy. Oh [__]
What up? Right, average
Redditor. Why? Why? Why?
If she's Oh, she sent that to him.
Uhhuh. If she's breaking out the vintage
like
this, Toby.
You're not calling 2016 [__] posts the
vintage
yet? Give it 10
[Music]
years. God, don't make that face. Don't
make that face.
Oh, it's a new one.
[Music]
God, the face of his sprite is really
good. Yeah, but also like why am I why
can I not inspect the whatever's going
on here? It won't let me. He's doing the
new sign.
Oh, I thought that was the sign.
No, he he's
he's doing
he's building fixing it or something.
Building it. He's doing Yeah.
[Music]
notice anything different about me?
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Oh, that's me hollering.
Looks bad, chief.
[Music]
What? What? I don't know what's
happening.
He So he's uh the the girl Pizza Pants
has been talking
to. They've been pranking him.
Oh, wait. That's really cruel.
Yeah, it's kind of not gentle or kind.
Arya would disapprove of this
trolling. May the Huntress Smite thee.
Hello snans.
[Music]
I suppose
not. I like Susie copying me as like
Sheresa's little move.
Yeah, it's
[Music]
cute. Sorry, I thought I was going to
say moo.
[Music]
You good,
Susie? I didn't notice that. That's
really good.
[Music]
Okay. Cuz as soon as you drank it.
Well, oh, this is
happening. You're dragging me into it.
Stop.
Susie, relax.
[Music]
I'll bury you. Goddamn milk pirate.
Goddamn milk pirate.
[Music]
Okay. So, I'm still going up
and up here. And then do not go to the
left.
Sands
cloen. What? Wait. What are you doing?
[Music]
Undertale reference.
Okay, that's just a sign of Sans.
Oh, it even says that. Oh, that's really
sweet. Wow.
[Music]
Oh, you might be done. I'm not done,
Susie.
[Music]
Okay. Well,
which way was onion sand? Was it this
way? It's this way. Yeah. Okay.
This is the gender character if you
weren't aware. Uh-huh.
[Music]
to be by your donuts. And they hit with
the air fryer. To be by your
donuts, right,
said to be by your donuts.
[Music]
Oh my. It's a handsome little thing,
isn't it?
This is This is Metaton, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Metaton objective moment. Real
true. Wait, this is literally like the
pillfort of it all. I'm in love with my
TV. I'm in love with my DVD player.
True. Literally the pilford of it all.
[Music]
I hope Azer not Azreel. I hope Toriel's
not upset.
[Music]
Hello. Okay, sure.
with what stuff I'm con I don't I don't
know if I need to
[Music]
Okay. Okay.
Don't make me repeat myself.
[Music]
Is my weird friend busy today? I waited
here for a bit and he never showed up.
So, unless you have like a long
time,
[Music]
but I just got to look it up quick.
Okay. It doesn't look like they do. They
they do. Okay. Cool.
Do I think I can go to Noel's house now?
Uh, go to the school first. Go talk to
Russ, your favorite.
[Music]
Hyperdodeahedron.
You should check the pair. I sha what
now? On the desk. The green thing.
That's rude.
[Music]
What? I'm sorry. I read that as Satie
Hawkua.
I think you you need to go now.
Okay.
Oh, there are all the eggs.
[Music]
I I bet that is Tammy.
Yeah,
[Music]
it's really kind.
Hit it, Shelly. And it's just 911.
[Music]
Daddy said this is kindness.
This is
kindness.
Sure, Susie.
[Music]
I'm not losing my mind. Right. That's
like an everyman.
Uh, you can inspect
it or never mind. Okay. In previous
chapters, you can. It's a It's a drawing
of Gerson.
Oh, it's a drawing of G. Understood.
That he was like a child.
[Music]
Huh?
Okay.
[Music]
Mhm. A a
What the [__] Don't say
Toby. Stop it.
[__] why would you choose that? Oh.
Oh, that thing is following us in that
condition.
Lancer. Yeah, he's dead. Oh, dead. Let
me speak to Lancer. Okay.
Oh,
yes. A
time. That's kind
[Music]
the water
cooler. Hello, Newbert.
[Music]
Why is everyone in love with this water
cooler?
Filter is an effective game. Clearly.
Clearly.
[Music]
Uh-huh. This is so cute.
So nice. So lovely world.
The task dancing is really good.
Yeah.
Much to my chagrin, it seems we've
become a cat
cafe. Excuse me.
Yeah. What is it that I must say? Meow.
Was
it? I hope it is to your liking. Would
you like anything?
[Music]
I love the sound design on the tasks.
Like this is Yeah, this is what a robot
cat would sound like. It's really good.
I need to sound real. There's like no
other way to describe this
[Music]
character. A task manager, my beloved.
Oh, this is yi if you think about it.
It is. It's kind of jelly. Oh, okay.
[Music]
Yes. For something
tough. That's for something
tough. I didn't realize Rousey was like
mildly normal
now. It's supporting Zapper out of
fear. Okay.
Okay.
TV. You mean
[Music]
Do you want me to tell you the code? How
would I find how to get it? Yeah. How
would I find it? Yeah. Uh hint, you
would need to look at like a numpad.
Okay, I'll just keep that in mind.
Oh.
Oh, getting my phone out right now.
[Music]
Huh? Huh?
Okay.
Hello. Huh?
Oh,
this is so This is so nice.
So nice.
Really nice.
[Music]
You can interact with the statue and
stuff
normally. Oh, those are my
actual audio
devices. Yep.
Oh, that's weird.
What
test? What's all that for?
something
fun. Once you get your mics, once it's
like working, that door should open. So,
it must need like a different input. If
your mic's going through
like something else right now, it might
not be able
to Huh.
I can't seem to
tell. Let me
Oh, it's detecting
that. Detecting
that. It's cuz some of these have
multiple inputs.
It's detecting the the stream
audio, but it's not detecting
microphone or my actual
device. Do I have to say something
specific?
No, it just needs to be able to detect
it.
I can just use the stream audio
feedback there.
[Music]
He's kind of beautiful fat. Wait, I'm
sort of cheating because it's it's just
feedbacking into the game.
Oh, that's not good. Is that not That's
not good. That's not good.
So, uh, the
problem Yeah, you're going to want it so
you can like make the bar move up and
down. Well, it's just it's just
feedbacking the stream audio into this.
[Music]
Wait,
what? I don't know what's happening.
So, the buck
The box your soul is in is controlled
by your voice.
This might be a
[Music]
moment where you do that sometime off
stream or
something. Ah, okay. Okay, can hear me
this way.
[Music]
I don't understand why it's not hearing
it.
It should be able to same kind of
device. Hold
on. Cuz the thing it's detecting right
now
is should be this thing right here.
Let me try
uh type [__]
Um let's try
this. See how that
does. No.
What
if there's no way I can make this mono
either?
H what's so confusing is that it's able
to detect something else. It's able to
detect um the stream audio itself, which
is really confusing.
like right
here. But then it can't
detect. Okay, I have a weird idea. I
have a really, really weird
idea. Will this be the first time this
was ever tried in Delta Rune so far?
We'll find out. I'm going to take
Ableton. Change this Delta Rune business
to Ableton.
Assign mod wheel to this level here.
[Music]
Well, that works.
Holy [__]
[Music]
Where is he?
All
right, let's But you know what? We're
not just going to use a saw
wave. No, that would be that would be
too too
vanilla. Let's choose the only wave
table that ever mattered to
me. Dubstep growl, this is your time to
shine. Yippee.
Y
it wake it all. Wake it up.
Let me just You know what? Let me make
Let me take make this a basic growl.
Just a really basic one just for
fun. So we can actually say that we beat
this with bro step.
[Music]
Oh, die.
die. I die.
I die.
[Music]
All right, let's try it.
Are
you hurt?
It's in C minor as well. So we can we
can play it in key.
[Music]
I
go AI. Are
you alive?
[Music]
You
are help.
[Applause]
Mike is definitely a cat.
[Music]
fun. I need
[Applause]
[Music]
to drop my window management
thing. There we go. That's better.
[Music]
[Applause]
Sorry, I was only just understanding
what it was asking me to do.
Can I
[Music]
uh Oh, it does add an LFO to the
thing. Oh my god. Ableton LFO, hurry the
[__] up.
[Music]
Oh god.
there. Now I don't have to modulate it
myself.
[Music]
Modern mouth
mic. Modern.
It is literally modern
[Music]
talking. This is actually so [__] fun
that I get to do this.
I'm going to [__] beat Delta using
modern
talking with modern
mic. I'm motor mic.
[Music]
You got to have the mic that listens.
Oh, wait. Sorry.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Hey,
[Music]
Wow. Wow. Wow.
Oh my god.
Really good bit. Wait, that's the Lost
Pippens.
Hello, I'm the Lost Pippens.
[Music]
He's doing the thing. He's doing the
thing. This is literally what happened
with Pilford. Literally what happened
with Pilford? Like one to one. This is
what happened with Pilford.
[Music]
Plurality arc.
Are you guys
Mike? No, they're just mingling.
[Music]
Something weird has already happened.
Also, uh we can hear our voices echoing
because Oh, yeah. Wait, why?
How would
it only started happening when you
started messing with the mic stuff or
Yeah, when you opened Ableton.
How about now?
Strange. Hold on.
How about now? Yeah, it's
still my confusion is so fat.
Well, I'm not sure. I can just uh screen
share only the full screen of this and
it should be fine. Mhm. Hold on.
Uh you shouldn't be able to hear it now.
Uh yeah, it's good now. Okay. Yeah. Uh
I'm going to take a quick very quick
break. Uh give me just like a few
minutes. Okay, bro.
[Music]
The
musics never stops.
[Music]
The
music stops.
[Applause]
Let's go.
[Music]
Am
I new?
[Music]
world. Don't take
It's
[Music]
baby. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Dr. Dr.
Get down.
[Music]
No boot.
Baby,
[Music]
baby. oh hey oh hey oh hey oh hey oh hey
oh hey oh hey oh hey oh hey oh
hey
oh
hey Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Okay.
Okay,
and just in time for the end of Kapow.
All right, very nice.
And new world, we are
good. See where I am.
And okay, cool. Let's do it. Let's delta
rune. Let's delta. Let's run. First we
delta, then we run. Let's delta run.
Delta
rune. What is this?
[Music]
Oh,
Wow. Wow.
[Music]
Yeah, I have double on the mic.
That's what they decide to say to you
specifically. Okay.
[Music]
Jungler.
Wow.
Heat. Hey, Heat.
Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy.
Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy.
[Music]
Fascinating
it's the Michael bomb. The Michael bomb.
Oh, Michael
Gira. Famous Michael Gira bomb.
[Music]
Okay.
Oh.
[Music]
Oops. Oh, same
time. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
What's really throwing me off about the
rhythm game of Delteroon is that it
actually is on time with the notes of
the song, which is why most rhythm games
are hard for me, cuz most rhythm games
don't actually [__] do it properly.
And because it's doing it properly in
this game, it's actually harder for me
because I'm used to overcompensating for
it not being
accurate. That's really
funny. Like usually rhythm games have
almost nothing to do with what's
happening in the
song. You
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. So, I forgot that he takes them.
That's why I didn't have them in my
inventory. Right. Makes sense.
[Music]
Where are you?
It's doing an absolutely reprehensible
job of protecting the
jail. Absolutely reprehensible.
[Music]
Damn it.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Oh. All right.
The musica.
[Music]
Ha! Ha!
He was going to say
badass, but um
[Music]
Then why have you made it?
More heat.
[Music]
an evil laugh greatest hits compilation.
That's so sweet.
I'm
[Music]
kind. You can touch grass as you game.
Careful.com pretty boy. This room site
is a work zone.
[Music]
Get a load of this guy with no meat or
fruit in his castle
walls. Clearly good.
[Music]
Oh, the bulldozer is Wait, the bulldozer
has a safety hat.
It's so sweet.
[Music]
Enrichment.
Enrichment. It loves it. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Don't play that song.
Hat.
[Music]
says
Susie. I wonder why
[Music]
Yeah. Ha ha.
Whoa. Well, seriously, that sucks.
[Music]
rules. What are you doing?
I I I don't think that's happening,
buddy.
[Music]
Lampert.
My sweet frozen sun
[Music]
day. Look how many hats I've racked up.
I'm sure your friends will accept you if
you just get plastic surgery.
Why is everyone so rude to him? I don't
know. Oh, hell yeah.
[Music]
Come say
hello. Okay.
[Music]
Okay.
Computers. They only do the touring part
though.
[Music]
Okay.
Boss, I'm sorry, but welcome to the love
dojo.
[Music]
The other
Pippinces. Guess I hyped them up a bit.
Hello. I'm the love. I'm love master.
Don't ask me about
[Music]
loves.
Okay. I guess that's something.
[Music]
Bug.
That's just the way it works. Said
[Music]
that
music yet.
[Music]
What?
Is there anything else I should be doing
here or
um not that I
can or not?
[Music]
Keep it on the download.
Bye, little Vonut.
Okay, now we're going to Noel's house.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yadoo. Red violet ronut.
Ya. Baba.
What?
[Music]
Hey.
What? What? What? What? What?
[Music]
[Laughter]
What? It's not much. It's just a
mansion that's made of
[Laughter]
[Music]
Christmas. Yeah. Oh, you want to stand
behind
[Music]
Susan? Wow. Welcome to my ho ho home.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
Stop.
[Music]
also CP70 electric piano you've
mentioned in this song.
[Music]
Oh,
okay. That's
[Music]
Oh.
took a pencil out of a habit.
[Music]
Huh?
Yeah, her room is transcoled.
Yeah, super
really makes you think.
[Music]
Oh my god.
Excuse me. It's great. Excuse me.
Why did she say
[Music]
this?
Seriously, sure,
Man, go grim dark.
[Music]
Why?
He's weird. Also, there's one thing on
the computer that you forgot. There's
what? There's one more thing on the
computer.
[Music]
Green dog puppet
wallpaper. Green dog puppet
wallpaper. Is it Is it
gr Oh, probably.
Did we make it into Delta Rune?
Is this a Noel Gershy reference?
[Music]
Daddy said, "OMG,
that would be really funny if Toby Fox
has seen anything related to Antinymph."
I wouldn't necessarily it wouldn't
really be surprising, but it's just like
to include I don't know. Probably
overthinking it, but that's that's a
[Music]
thought. Why does the music stop? The
music never stops.
It's kind of
sus. Does the vent sus? Nice reference,
Susie.
It's like Am Among Us. It's just like
Among Us.
I don't I'm mad. I'm angry and upset.
Among Us in the [__] in Delaroon.
Not really. Not really. Yes, really.
Okay. Told
[Music]
you. It's not free. You pay a water
bill, but that's
[Music]
okay. What?
That's nice to do to them.
[Music]
Am I missing anything in here? Uh, one
door you didn't go through.
Oh, this one.
[Music]
Oh, that's the piano. Okay.
I think it's a cute detail that Noel's
Claus only had gingerbread monster
cutters and Chris's house has human ant
monster ones.
Yeah, this [__] we love our
problematic Santa star.
Okay, is a insane
sentence. Like, okay, I guess you could
say that
it's just my mom's katana.
My mom. I don't know. Oh. Oh my god. Did
I think that
sentence I think that sentence scared
Selvin [__] died. You [__] made
the the text to speech bot leave the
call.
I've never seen that happen before. Not
without it being
prompted. That's insane. You [__]
made the Texas speechbot leave the call
with that
[Music]
sentence. Could not [__] handle
problematic Santa
star. I mean, I get it.
[Music]
New stove top ancient
katana and jar pickles.
[Music]
Stop. I'm trying to climb the tree,
Chris. Okay, I'll start the study
session now.
[Laughter]
I it's quite serving this fine evening.
No. Holy [__]
[Laughter]
Noel.
Noel, stop. Noel, stop.
[Music]
She This is getting th more the the veil
is getting thinner and
[Music]
thinner. I want to go on the vents.
You should interact with Noah's phone,
by the
[Music]
way. Huh?
Ah, what? What?
[Music]
Okay. Not really.
Not really. What?
Why? What?
Public heal.
[Music]
You're going to want to play the piano
before you go in here.
[Music]
Huh? Is that all?
Yeah, because you can't play the piano.
Just kidding.
[Music]
Okay. Well, I'm going here now.
God.
[Music]
Uh,
Hello
car.
[Music]
[Applause]
Uh, heat.
[Music]
Oh,
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Don't touch the text box yet if you want
to see this play out.
[Music]
Mhm.
Huh?
[Music]
I think that's it if I'm remembering
correctly. Okay.
Oops.
[Music]
Okay.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Did I miss anything else in the vents?
Uh, yes, but um it's some as in the
house cleaning
stuff.
Anything you miss is like optional
dialogue that you can just look up a
video on. It's not okay.
Stop this. Stop this.
[Music]
Stop. Stop.
Stop.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
And see as he has a guitar.
Huh?
[Music]
[Laughter]
Hey y'all.
Oh,
okay. Ew. Ew.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Okay. Perfect.
Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. So,
you know how I said I don't think the
night is dust, but they did have
antlers.
Wait a minute. What the hell?
I think the night might be Noel's mom.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Why What am I watching unfold right now?
Uh-huh. Also, isn't it funny that Chris
made that phone call and then Carol came
home home early? Yeah.
[Music]
[Applause]
Thanks.
[Laughter]
Really nice base.
[Applause]
Warning, warning, warning.
Huh? Warning.
[Applause]
What is that sound?
When the light is running Hello.
Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
Huh? Huh?
What did that say?
It's like this is the legend of the
Delta Rune.
Huh. What are you doing here already?
[Music]
H.
What does that design look so
cute?
Bion, this music.
[Music]
Also, yeah, I didn't even consider
there's a new battle theme that isn't
Rude Buster. Yeah, it's really good.
[Music]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
What? No one knows what this means.
Crap in here.
[Music]
Did I I'm I have We didn't realize this
was the way we're supposed to
go. I needed to backtrack and look at
the other
[Music]
stuff. Oh.
Oh, that was the only other stuff.
[Music]
Maybe Heat. Heat.
I want to push the stool over
[Music]
there.
Hello. Bazard swings in. Oh my god.
Pokemon ass design. Yeah, it's really
good.
[Music]
Hopes and dreams they send through here
is world.
[Music]
Heat. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Huh? Wait, wait, wait.
out. Clear out. Leave
out.
[Music]
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Anyway, this chapter has the best music.
Yeah,
[Music]
clearly. Imagining Rousey with a beard.
Where?
[Music]
Really good
bit. Okay.
[Music]
I'm
old.
[Music]
Go. What? What are you doing? Slow
down. Old man
[Music]
go.
Okay. is the
old guys. I think Delta Rude is all
about just swapping to the old
man. I think that's the main point of
this game.
Delta is the type of game that really
makes you feel like the old man.
It'll turn into an old manlike. It's an
old manlike.
What the hell? Can you get that for me?
[Music]
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm solving the door.
[Music]
That's part of the jokes.
Much obliged.
Warning,
[Music]
it doesn't play the end of the sound
until you walk off of him.
[Music]
Also, y'all in chat, I feel like you
need to think very hard about calling a
bunch of children
bottoms. Use your
[Music]
brain or anyone for that matter. But
children especially
[Music]
Sorry,
[__] Anything else to say?
Oh, dude.
[Music]
Come
here, wait.
[Music]
So this guy [__] rocks out loud.
Yeah,
he's kind of the best character. The
entire point of Deltur is just switching
to the old
[Music]
man.
Wait. Wait.
[Music]
It's not going to be left.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
[Music]
Maybe there's more of
them. I see. Yeah, I thought
[Music]
so. Wait, wait, wait.
wait. Who is this
man? And how do I marry him?
[Music]
Oh, her little sound.
Okay, they're normal.
[Music]
How do you [__] make that sound?
Okay, go old man.
[Music]
No, it
didn't. It's a sound you unlock after
getting level 100 in old man. [__] I
got to start practicing. The
hell? I have not been doing it right
apparently. Go, old
man. Holy
[__] It's the [__] old man meta.
[Music]
Oh. Oh. Oh, he is getting
pain. Holy
[__] He cleans Goku easy. Yeah. Can we
can someone get on the power scaling
discussion with this guy?
[Music]
This aura is
incredible. He's not an aura farmer.
He's an aura
[Music]
factory. Oh.
This little place.
[Music]
where
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
[Music]
wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
[Music]
wait. Wait, wait, wait.
Yeah.
work.
Wait, wait,
wait.
The It's a
Spongebob. It is like a Spongebob.
[Music]
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
wait.
What is it studying?
Uh, physics.
Ah, also I know where the the things to
get the axe are. So if you don't find
them yourself by a certain point, I can
help you. Okay.
[Music]
Oh,
interesting. Have we seen
[Music]
this? It was the best time. It was It
was the blurst of times.
Excuse me.
These guys look like the wizard um that
was in the nowhere room. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Lauren Ipsum, but it's spelled
incorrectly.
They're a little sweet. No, they're a
little sweet.
They can be both. True.
[Music]
So sweetly stupid.
Don't know what all that is.
[Music]
Hello.
Huh?
[Music]
Sure, Ralphie.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Who and
why? Oh, it's Chad.
[Music]
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
[Music]
That's a Jack Black type melody. Gly,
right?
[Music]
Mhm.
Well, Pam Steven kill,
what are you saying? What words are you?
Squidward kill.
Dark tribute.
Dark. Dark tribute. Dark Pippen's
[Music]
tribute. Urkl type
kill. Sorry, I was just thinking about
the pain of it all.
Why is this part kind of
[Music]
Celestey? Steven Urkl type kill. Mr.
Krabs kill. Sandy
kill. What are you
[Music]
Sandy cheeks type kill.
left, down, left, right, down, down,
right,
[Music]
right? Hold on. I need to get my Arizona
iced tea. Hold on.
[Music]
Rabs type
kill. Bluey type
[Music]
kill. Billy Maze type
kill. Asgore type kill.
[Music]
Will Smith type
kill. Okay.
[Music]
What is that symbol?
Ha.
[Music]
Yeah.
Rousey. Oh boy.
[Music]
Ah!
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Huh?
Jackenstein. This boss is so
interesting.
Oh, I like this music.
Uh-huh. Feels like
Savant.
[Music]
Oh. How do I turn the music
up? I have to go to my settings.
It's like fluffy in here. Crap.
[Music]
You're going to What?
What? You're taking too long.
I wasn't trying to.
You're taking too long.
[Music]
That was scary. Just kidding. That was
mine. Why does this person have to speak
like
[Music]
Dishy? His eyes.
Why this this this part of the game
feels so
[Music]
Celeste. Celeste type kill. Steven Urkl
type
kill. Jackenstein type kill.
There we go.
You're giving you a lot. I'm
not. You're being rudy to me. Oh,
hello.
Hi. What it means?
Just for fun.
Oh my goodness.
This fight is really something.
[Music]
That's got
You're getting Yeah, but you're blocking
the
exit. Okay.
[Music]
You're too bright.
Oh, what? What? What? What?
[Music]
Mario type kill.
This boss is interesting.
[Music]
[Applause]
That is such a fat key.
[Music]
Oh, you're lung.
Wow.
Wow. Saying things to me of this variety
and type.
I just realized Rousey has light
up as
[Music]
what?
Help. Princess Celestia type kill. Derpy
type kill. Trixie Lulaoon type kill.
[Music]
leave. Huh?
Oh, that's really Mr. Nice Guy.
[Music]
Relax. Heat.
No more keys. Dress in humiliation.
[Music]
I still get
hit. I still get hit.
[Music]
your
Oh, I get
it. Huh?
Thank you.
time. Okay, that was like really
[Music]
nice. It burns.
Mom. Mommy. Mommy.
[Music]
Come on. Come on.
You're eating.
[Music]
Interesting, but it sucks.
Mama mommy.
[Music]
me.
Oh, you're [__]
Okay.
It hoards. It hoards.
[Music]
That was one of the coolest fights ever
in a video
game. It was really
[Music]
something. Wait, wait,
wait.
[Music]
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
[Music]
Oh
[__] Yo, get her ass.
[Music]
This guy's a genius. This This guy's
This guy's a The entire game of Delter
is about swapping to the old man.
Hello.
Oh. Oh.
[Music]
Oh,
What? I live in a
hole. Like I guess
[Music]
Susie's whole thing about not wanting to
try because she'll never be as good as
someone who's already really good at it
is like really
Yeah, it's a
lot. My
Okay. Why did we put it in a money hole?
It's where you keep your money. It
isn't. I keep it somewhere else.
[Music]
Heat up.
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Uhhuh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
wait.
Why does this keep
happening? Okay.
work.
[Music]
We out. We out. We out.
for good. Work
wait
[Music]
wait Wait, wait, wait.
wait.
[Music]
Why is he a vampire now?
It's badass.
[Music]
Yeah. Uh-oh.
But what is
[Music]
What's up, filter?
We're we're on stream right now.
This game knows this stream. Like if
guys in chat, they'll tune and respect
button right
now. They'll tune expect button in chat
right now. I just finished chapter 4 by
the way. I won't spoil anything cuz I'm
a go. Caddy said okay. I smell them
apparently.
Oh, the botch is back.
Oh, that's who smells with us. Can we
get any delt W's in chat, guys? Delt W's
in chat. I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to shoot you with five guns.
Relax. [__] W in
chat. I don't I'm not seeing the move in
here. I'm not seeing the move in here.
Chrissy, I'm going to delete you from
existence. Oh my god, there's there's
Delt and W. Toby Fox W. Yes, dude.
Okay, Delt and W. Look, they're all
submitting to
me. You have to find all the melodies.
Do you know where they
are? I
don't What's this?
Okay, guys. Can we get Can we get all
the solutions in the chat?
No. Don't actually. Okay, it's going to
be good. Violet playing piano respect.
[Music]
You're going to do a lot.
Okay. I didn't see that when I played
[Music]
it.
This Yeah.
[Music]
Hello. Hello.
Now he
said this one that's not his name but
it's so cool. Gives me a drink called
tea.
Congrats on your transition.
[Music]
I think it is a big
What's going
[Music]
We're
fighting fighting.
Sometimes divorce is the way.
Oh, no.
No. I just said something really funny,
but I don't know if I'm allowed to say
it.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
That's Where
[Music]
are you?
Oh, thimble.
[Music]
again. What the [__] That was sick. I
don't need to do
that. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
said, "What?"
Oh, what a battle.
This is scary. Lock in. Okay.
[Music]
Oh, failed. Such a fail.
What? She's beautiful the whole time.
Said, "OMG,
Asgore type move. Spongebob type move.
Steven
Urkl Spongy Bob
Miss Mizzle
bezelledazzle
nuzzle Sure.
[Music]
The vulner
chat. I'm moving
[Music]
Go down the big slide.
Steven Urkl type of kill.
Dr. Pepper type of kill. Mrs. Puff kill.
Relax. I'm not even saying anything.
You're saying so much. Dr. Pepper.
Thank you,
baby. Can we get a Okay. Can we get an
okay from Daddy right now?
Okay.
Batty type kill.
Batty type of kill.
Why? That's what I'm asking you. Oh, you
too.
[Music]
You what? I do.
Patrick Star type kill.
[Music]
Mango type of
kill. Ron type kill.
[Music]
picture. They actually based that wizard
cut off of that one thing that I kind
of I
forgot. Forgot what I forgot what I
said.
[Music]
Relax like keep a constant flow of
energy or something.
[Music]
bike.
These are all my friends. Been nice.
[Music]
Can't do it again.
No. Get it. light switch or it says
heavy switch.
Yeah. And that's why the laughter begins
at midnight.
Oh, I forgot to read that when I was
playing the game. Laughter type kill.
Steven Urgal type of kill. That said,
funny type of kill. I get it.
Yeah,
funny type of game.
They have a jester in this game. Did you
know that? So, where was the piano
thing? His name is the Joker.
Um, just playing.
I think it was this way. Yeah. Yeah.
Play a beautiful song.
[Music]
Yeah, a bit like a fireplace opening up,
which I know the sound of very
intimately. Everyone knows it.
It's 3:00 a.m. on a school
night. No, it's not. It's a school
night.
Everyone has school today.
School type of kill.
School. School type of
kill. You need schooling.
[Music]
Jackorn type of kill. That's not his
name.
Susan, that's for you.
Jack, what the [__] Stop it. You're
going to offend me, dude.
Oh my
[Music]
god. [__]
I just want to see if you
[Music]
do. We out. We out.
Just do something
like Oh.
Hey yo, hammer type of kill. Hammer.
Anyway, welcome to the secret boss.
This [__]
guy. Is this the game? Is this the
chapter secret boss? Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's [__] awesome. Do I have to
attack? Yeah, attacking is good. I can't
do rude buster unless I do the TP thing.
Yeah,
[Music]
by the
way. Huh?
Battle against the true hero in the
background.
[Music]
Wait, so close to I mean like it has
like the motif on it. Hold on. Can you
say that one more time and louder?
Battle against a true hero in the song.
Yeah, that's what I that's what it sound
like to me. And it had it just did a
[__] undying type of kill attack.
Undying type of kill.
So, like, who the [__] is this guy? He's
the hammer of justice. He's the hammer
of justice.
Wait, can you get like a weapon that
heals you when you attack?
This is literally the This is literally
undying.
[Music]
I like how you can still get TP in this
[__] That's so [__]
[Music]
awesome. That's [__] rad.
octagon type of skill. Anyway, the
octagon is why I gave up on this doing
keyboard and controller.
I just did. It's a pain in the ass.
You get good at it.
I've also had difficulty like a delay
between like eight fingers to do
something. So having to press two keys
at once will also deal with that. Holy
[__] What did he do? He broke his [__]
He's kind of awesome.
What?
Holy [__] I know. [__] I know. Stole
your [__]
[Music]
Holy [__]
Something I really like about this
fight, you can
[Music]
notice the
absorbers cuz I forgot to [__] equip
that before I did this.
I'm probably [__]
[Music]
It is worth options of healing with
Suzie other than items, right?
[Music]
The stream pause from beating some
blood.
[Music]
So this story is about you, Toby
Fox.
Fox, you do that.
Stop trying
[Music]
to [__]
Daddy said damn. She seriously said
damn. Daddy said damn.
[Music]
Crystal, you don't have to heal if
you're wondering. Just go back.
really funny that he's just like, "Oh,
you can just have it." And Susie's like,
"No, I'm doing the secret boss fight."
That's cuz Oh, but she's surreal.
This boss fight is like the coolest
thing. It is really
[Music]
cool. I actually didn't do the chapter 3
secret boss cuz that wasn't good on the
first round.
[Music]
I don't know how this
This is probably better control.
[Music]
We out. We're
out. The patterns are all the same,
[Music]
just like undying.
Yeah. The more damage he does, the less
damage he does.
[Music]
[__] Wait, wait, wait.
Then one on the first attack where he
[__] shoots two and then one
[Music]
What is the counter for that move.
Well, he just shoots wherever you go.
So,
yeah, but there are other projectiles.
[Music]
This one is what I
found. What happens?
[Music]
I don't even think I can do that. It
just looks really cool.
[Music]
It's so [__]
out. [__]
Gone further that time though.
You're the one you're that one word that
like a D and it's like termination.
[Music]
What's your
favorite? Fight. Fight.
Okay.
[Music]
Chrissy best friend said, "Does it just
do it for any chat?
[Music]
Happy click. What?
That timing is so hard.
Are you just doing it cuz it looks cool?
Doing what? Cuz it looks cool. The road
the root buster. Cuz I don't think you
have to do it at all.
Do I not have to do that? I don't think
so. Cuz I had to do that still beat the
bite. Yeah. No, this one is just you you
keep doing normal attack cuz your goal
is to cut his hair,
right? So, this one's just a
conversation goes on and then the
conversation ends. Then why is there an
entire animation sequence for Rude
Buster where he does look cool? I don't
know. To look cool.
RF arming.
[Music]
I think you should just like save for
kills.
[Music]
That's your default. I'm not talking
about Suz's animation. I'm talking about
his animation
for Rude Buster.
[Music]
The fact that he has a response to it. I
don't know if the sparkles that come out
of them anything like if there's more
means more than like more happen.
for more, but that wouldn't make sense.
[Music]
Get out. We out. We out.
Oh my god.
[Music]
That part's so
[__] Wait, wait,
[Music]
wait.
Another show you would love to Close
this.
[Music]
What's up?
Same type of kill.
[Music]
Wow is really close to the end then.
He said crazy. Oh my god.
[Music]
touch his hands motifs
too. Wait, wait, wait.
[Music]
Oh, that was so [__] sick. I think
that being like hard and then like still
like having fun during it is awesome.
Yeah. Well, that was not really that
bad.
Why so quiet,
bro? Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We out. We out.
to feel like a little Suzie.
[Music]
work. Oh.
Could
be could be a little buddy.
[Music]
Trouble is brewing.
I know some people that do like those
[Music]
guys. Why did you do
that? I should give Susie back.
[Music]
Hello. The design is so cute.
It's like a Pokemon.
That
[Music]
said, it's the big one before the little
Two people inside. Thank you very much.
[Music]
It empty kind of
good. Kind of R2
kind of.
Why are you so
[Music]
violent? Learn to be kind.
Someone just said in chat that turning
from blue to pink is transgender. This
is
[Music]
true. Can we get someone like fact
checking
[Music]
it? Daddy, can you run that? Do like a
million tests.
What are
[Music]
you? This guy is the fire extinguisher.
Are you Joy's?
[Music]
Queen's chariot cannot be stopped.
Get
[Music]
the heat.
Chris, get the
banana. Oh, I get that.
Okay, I lied. Can you explain it? Yeah.
Oh, Queen's Clever oneliner. Queen's
Clever oneliner.
Oh,
yes.
I think a gamer is delight.
How many gamers score you playing?
Three.
I was telling Baddy that I was going to
gift it a lot of gamer cred.
How many gamer cred is bad? What? Yeah,
I was telling Batty I give it like 5,000
gamer cred. That's way too much. No. No.
Batty deserves.
Betty seems to not be grateful for the
Do I?
Yeah.
What was
that? You got a coin.
Delta coin.
Don't.
Go ahead and get the get the money.
Get more gamer credit. You already got
the money. There's no more gamer money.
Don't.
[Music]
That's in
case money look
[Music]
money. All the All the money is donated
to daddy.
What?
[Music]
I beat you a baddies delight.
Oh, I can't get my
[Music]
Keep the
change. Can we get some gamer cred
donations for Batty, too?
I'm donating. No. Every every game
camera that is donating in chat will go
to bed.
No.
It sounds so excited.
[Music]
I think I certainly someone made this.
I was told that's like a dishy type of
noise.
Dishy type kill.
Type kill.
Oh my
god. All of these will be donated to
daddy.
corner. I can't go any further.
[Applause]
Watch where I'm going to gaslight them.
Check this out.
Stop it. Stop bullying them. Watch this.
I'm gaslighting them. Here they come.
Stop bullying. Watch this.
[Music]
[Applause]
You realize these are all being sent to
Baddy's house right now.
Wait, how do I earn baddy cred?
Donate as much of these as you can.
Here we go. Here we go. The little cups.
You ready?
[Applause]
You just got daddy kill. What?
Batty type kill. Batty type of kill. I'm
baddy in the
dark. What are you guys doing? You woke
me
up. What are you guys doing?
[Music]
I'm leaving. Eddie, this will be
donated. All those things will be
donated to you in the next five
days. Business days.
Okay. Not really.
Just you wait.
Don't wake up.
What are you guys doing? You can take
the slide now. You don't have to go to
climb all the way down.
Primarina type hill.
An Arlando type
kill. Onion head type kill. You make you
make
this baddy type of spare.
When have you been killing your spare?
King Vendrich type of kill.
Thank
you. Everyone donate somebody in chat.
Patches type
kill. Got 20k.
[Music]
Ronut by the dozen type
kill. Get fatter type of kill. Okay.
Get fatter.
[Music]
Can you send the gift right now, buddy?
I want to see how it summons.
Why are there Why must Okay.
[Music]
What are you doing?
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Oh, so it's cuz they're made of water.
And that's precisely why the laughter
begins at midnight.
Top 10 facts you didn't know about Delta
in chapter 4.
Can we get a mic respect in the
comments?
Steven Universe type of kill.
He doesn't kill. That's the whole point
of the
[Music]
show. Clarence type of
kill. I was like, why are there water
coolers in the church? I was like, no,
they they have water coolers in the
church.
Why isn't it like juice?
328 type of kill. 328 type of kill. 328
type of death.
Learning to read one, two, three type of
kid.
Huh? Huh?
I didn't even know you could do that.
[Music]
Had enough of Rosie. Baddie is actually
the knight in this game. Did I Did I
miss something by doing that or Yeah,
you missed a cut scene. Yeah.
How bad?
Uh, it's just a cut scene. It's just
Yeah, it's
terrible. Who was he? Sorry. No.
Uh, more character development stuff.
[Music]
I'm banging in the dark.
Oh.
I didn't get those guys in my house. How
did you get them in your house?
[Music]
What? Hey, what's the note at the end?
Okay, good
job. That's my friend, by the way.
[Music]
They will all be coming to you soon,
Betty. Don't worry.
Yeah, he said. Okay. I've been missing.
Uh, Stardust.
Yeah, but how far am I from an egg?
Um, well, this is about the halfway
point of the chapter.
Really? I think it's like [__]
Oh, [__]
Maybe. Are you finishing it today?
We'll see. We'll see.
Chat said collabs. Long chapter.
Yeah, it's really substantial. What is
this? What is this thing on the on the
right? That's the guy from earlier. No,
the
water. That's how to sell things. Yeah.
Oh, you put Yeah.
[Music]
wait. Get out. Get
out.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
[Music]
Uh,
It's Betty.
Hello.
Hi.
He's dead. Sure.
Robot kind of sounds like it's saying
get
Daddy. Daddy.
Wow.
[Music]
Just heat.
How come?
[Music]
Power. Heat.
standing. It's the door from Castle
Town.
You notice it has the delta rune on it.
Top 10 times. Delterian YouTubers swear.
[Applause]
Okay. Chopper.
Huh?
[Music]
So that was that Garrison?
Yes. Yeah, that was Garrison. It was
Garrison.
[Music]
Curs. You mean dead?
the letter A.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Jackenstein.
Oh, they're so nervous about it.
[Music]
Damn. I'm not going to give someone
millions of dollars in USD.
[Music]
Maybe I'll let you do it next time.
Well, I have news about this. Yeah, she
doesn't know.
Excuse colors.
I'm oranging
now. There's probably a secret there if
you wait 25
minutes. What?
[Music]
Yes.
Those are a really big guy. They can
wear those really big glasses.
[Music]
Hello. Where is Rousey?
Triple H.
I don't know.
[Music]
He's dead. I don't know. He said where
he
is. Oh,
[Music]
nice. New recruit. Nice.
Oh, I'm the
philosopher. I'm a bad.
Okay.
[Music]
The No tape kill.
This way is progress. By the way,
[Music]
Yeah. Well, I know someone who knows
where everything is.
[Music]
Tenner.
Oh, they're organ pipes.
All organic.
[Music]
What a strange attack.
I never saw this part before.
[Music]
So, wait.
If the colors have all been the same for
all the other dark worlds, doesn't that
mean that Chris has made the first three
we've been a part of?
I don't know. Potentially. Yes. I don't
know.
Cuz if it's different to be in this one
cuz Susie made it.
Mhm. Dark World different. You know
little Susie made it.
You know little Suzie made it.
Like okay. Daddy made the other two
dark cuz it's the night.
Maybe C's just color blind.
Be nice.
My uncle's color blind. I have nothing
against color. Uncle has uncle respect.
He is not [__] watching this.
As uncle put it in the chat.
a cage with human soul and parts.
It said something different for me. What
the [__] Did it? Yeah, it's a it's a
Chris doing a back
flip. Did you get something different as
you?
No, I got the one Gwyn did. Maybe you
didn't do the full sequence at the
diner.
[Music]
singing. Oh god.
I lied. I'm sorry.
[Music]
gamer. What does this mean?
Oh, I do only 1,000.
[Music]
Aren't you part of my hyperlink blocked?
I haven't heard of the hyperlink block.
[Music]
Daddy's going to like spam.
Oh,
what? My friends was like fed.
[Music]
I want you to know.
Okay. Here. Yes. Go that way. You're
approaching egg.
Wait. I didn't go this way.
This will be new to me. Fans tight
through.
Yeah. Keep going down the hallway.
[Music]
Sam
So, okay, now that you're at the end,
one of the windows, if you look at the
the kind of eggish shape at the very
top, one of them has it shaded
differently.
It's hard to tell. What the [__]
You might have to go up and down a
couple times, too. It's hard to tell
when you're moving.
There's moss right there in case you
want to eat it. Talking about the shape
above the diamond, right?
Yeah. Not like the very top, but
the Yeah,
this was the thing in the in the ARG
site thing. Yeah, it took me a couple of
tries to find
it cuz it gets shorter when you walk
back the other way.
Betty. Daddy said what?
There it is. Yeah, I see it. Yeah. Now
go in and out of this room.
This one like you have in chapters one
and two between this room and the
hallway. Yeah.
What the [__]
[Music]
It's like chapter 3.
[__]
This one's a little hard. You just kind
of have to walk around in the dark and
like interact with things until you find
[Music]
He's dead.
I think there's something on the left
side of the room that you can interact
or right side, sorry.
[Music]
Okay.
Now, yeah.
[Music]
around near that is worth it.
Guys, there's definitely spoilers on the
stream. Watch out.
[Music]
H.
I don't think I know where I'm
going. Yeah, I just kind of had to
fumble around. I know it's near the
painting of the
[Music]
tree, but it's like it's kind of
annoying to be quite honest.
[Music]
I think I'm to the right of whatever the
thing is right now.
Mhm. It's kind of hard for me to give
directions at like the feedback of doing
it myself, you know?
[Music]
It was saying like Chris instead of you
the entire time.
[Music]
Everyone else in the room is gone now.
it seems.
Uh-huh.
Okay. Was that it? Yep.
The acrims. These past two chapters have
been interesting.
[Music]
That bit was also one of the ARJ pages.
Yeah.
Can you eat the
moss? That was egg.
[Music]
I don't think
I so
rude. The
[Music]
girl that's not the
So, we all know this character, right?
[Music]
Hey,
I didn't even know this was
[Music]
What? What?
overachiever talking to
the That's
interesting. Be
nice. An awful beast.
[Music]
Oh, that's so cool.
Good girl.
[Music]
looks very different.
I think I was like really wrong about
what I thought this was.
I might send them shut.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I'm not liking this.
[Music]
Is he
Huh?
Left, left, left.
[Music]
What is this?
Left, right,
left, right, left,
right. Oh, [__] Simon type of kill.
[Music]
Left
right Left right.
[Music]
Oh, [__]
Chris, what is this music?
Like I said, chapter 4 has the best
music in the game.
Insane is insane.
Where the [__] is
[Music]
Rousey? All
right.
Left
[Music]
not left.
Holy [__] This is so [__]
crazy. Oh my go Oh my
god. What is happening?
[Music]
Left. Oh, cool. Oh, this is this is
really friendly. Audio cues for when an
attack is coming from that direction and
audio cues for the direction you're
supposed to go to avoid an attack at the
same time. Oh, that's really pleasant.
There's one
coming.
Right. Right.
What?
Now he said, "What the fuck?" There he
is. We're all safe.
There he is.
Press the rail button.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Here. H.
What are you?
[Music]
Nice little dance though.
Bet he knows
something. You know Jack.
I I I had a feeling that the [__]
fire extinguisher was going to pull this
bit. I want to say something so bad, but
also I
can't dela run.
By the way, told you wasn't evil.
Is evil? Well, no.
[Music]
[Applause]
Another one. Dark world number three.
Let's go, baby. That thing is chalk full
of them.
It is chapter three cuz there are three
dark worlds.
This is chapter 4.
It is chapter three cuz there are three
dark worlds.
Okay. For visible by three
Fine, dumbass.
Like you.
I told you he's evil.
[Music]
Where is he?
He left.
Mr. This was the statue we just fought.
No, that was Jack. Franken Jack.
[Music]
Is there a reason to go over here?
There's one thing in this area that's
new.
[Music]
It's on one of the
pillars. I don't remember which one
specifically triggers it.
[Music]
this one.
No, I don't think so. Anyway, let me
I'll look it up.
[Music]
Okay. Heat.
Oh, is it this thing? No.
So I think that's just blocking you from
going that way.
[Music]
Well, come on.
He said sorry.
It's okay, Baddy.
It's okay, Baddy. Every person on Earth
forgives you all at once.
Maybe not that far. Okay. Um, I was
wrong. You go through the door that you
originally follow open to get to the
light.
Okay. Give me a
second. I got into a fight with Bion.
Mhm.
Which is fine. Yeah. They're so Yeah.
[Music]
Shield.
So, is it in the uh
in the study?
[Music]
Okay. And then up
to Yeah, one of those. I think it's the
Yep.
What? What? What? What?
Okay.
What? Toby
[__] said what? Race him now. Race.
What the [__] Okay. Okay. Oh [__]
Challenge. Annoying dogs epic climbing
challenge. Let's see. Just get a
straight face.
He died.
Okay, let him die. I mean you
okay it's okay. Jump over him. Jump over
him.
Let him get up there.
Oh, he just wanted the
bone. Okay.
Oh, that's so
kind. Like, okay.
How do you get up there?
That's so sweet. Get the dog,
darling. Equip
it. It value decreases each chapter.
It value decreases each chapter.
I know. By the way,
let's throw Bubba.
I don't think there's anything more,
right? But if I start shooting people,
that's new, right? Oh, no. No, no, no.
Relax. Violent.
Not even new.
This is going to do this.
[Music]
Why so adventurous? Why so explorious?
Why so explorious?
If Betty was the Joker, Betty would be
like, "Why so serious?
[Music]
No. So, we all know these symbols,
right?
[Music]
What do you guys think
is I don't know if it's bad or
not. I don't know.
[Music]
Why do you want the light?
Okay.
You just don't know. I don't
know. I'm just going insane mode.
[Music]
They didn't do this. I think they just
don't
[Music]
Oh
[__] How much times can you beat those
moon? While I at
[Music]
church, can I be filtered while
attending a sermon?
[Music]
I wish ladies.
is
better. Okay.
Wait, which way is progressing? The
other way. I don't think that way's
progressing. I think going through the
door is progressing. I think I think
Sorry if I'm wrong. Yeah, I think for
you. So, I can go left here. Yeah, cuz I
there was something else to the right
and I wanted to look at that, too. I
think the right thing was Yeah. Go to
the left. The left is
Yeah. Just dropped my memory.
How did I get Oh. Oh, yeah. I got I
went Okay, guys. I think every copy of
Deltin is personalized.
I don't think so. I think Okay, we got
different things. Think about this.
I think every I think every baddie is
personalized.
What?
Okay. Okay. From this point forward,
I not to you, Gwen. I'm not talking to
you. I I think it's important we let
Gwen kind of experience this part
without interrupting. So, if everyone
could mute except uh Stardust whenever
you're wanting to chime in for the
purpose of helping. Yeah, everyone else
please
mute ounce.
Don't
[__] don't
[Music]
Jack fear no
danger on my shoulders. face. Please
smiley face.
[Music]
Oh, the
cops. We apologize for our belated
realization, but you three are the
heroes, are you
[Music]
not? Such legendary. Okay. I would think
maybe they have a different kind of
power. they could offer other than
stacking. But uh that's
[Music]
fine. That was kind
I didn't
[Music]
Oh, it's it's hope, dude.
Yeah.
[Music]
Well, oh man.
Oh. One.
One. Can't pause.
you.
[Applause]
[Laughter]
What?
Oh, what? What?
[Applause]
What does a fountain inside of a
fountain.
Like it is darker yet
darker. Oh, wait. I can jump.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
This reminds me of the origin world from
Pokemon Platinum.
[Music]
Ah, huh.
Here.
[Music]
What?
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[__]
Definitionally, isn't this the abortion
fight?
[Music]
I could get a hashtag abortion on screen
for one second.
God, I forgot it was also the [__]
genocide
sound. Come
here.
[Music]
Seriously, you
Huh?
[Music]
Oh, okay.
crazy [__] design, by the way.
[Music]
They're like fish. They're like my
family.
[Music]
Should I be attacking it?
Yes. Okay.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
What are you? The swan's filth
monster. Well, that [__] me up.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
All
right.
[Music]
I might be
[__] just
mildly. Where's the Michael Gera?
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Ow! Heat. Heat.
Come on.
[Music]
These feel like pillings to me.
[Applause]
I don't know why I didn't have Rousey
just use the healing item and Susie do
the attack, but
What?
Oh, good.
What? Wait, wait, wait.
[Music]
Old
man. Dual
buster. Holy
[__] Go
crazy. Dual buster.
Y'all hit that
[Music]
[__]
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh.
Ooh. Susie [__] said get dunked
on. Susie, I hear Kobe.
What?
Hello. Ha.
Ralph.
[Music]
H blood.
Huh? Heat.
[Music]
But what is it?
[Applause]
That's the first time that plays in the
chapter.
Yeah.
What? But what?
I think the dark knight is still baddy.
[Music]
It's raining somewhere
else. Mhm.
And it just rains.
[Music]
when I got to this point. I just didn't
bother checking anything at that point.
[Music]
there's like not even
anything. There is one thing you can do.
Is onions on there?
Why does this look different
colored? Cuz it's night time.
Stop putting out the milk.
Oh, what What the
[__] Shh.
Don't howl.
Chris likes making animal noises.
Is there anything else here?
I don't think so.
Couldn't hear anything but the wind.
Yeah, I'm normal about that scene.
Huh?
[Music]
Did he befriend my mom last night? He's
befriending your mom tonight. Did
[Music]
you like it?
Snoozy.
Look at them.
What?
[Music]
Hey, fire.
Okay. This is stupid.
[Music]
Hey, Jesus.
a bottle of ketchup.
[Music]
He has made it into the household. It's
a Sans type. Sans type of kill.
Sans type of befriending.
So, I'll wait until this place.
[Music]
What if Sans prefed your Huh?
Is he
[Applause]
Let what
happened? What?
[Applause]
Don't forget,
you [__] [__] What are you
talking about? You could see the last
thing of the prophecy if you like went
frame by frame, but no, it's just black.
said, "What the fuck?"
[Music]
Don't respect what the check is.
Can I say two things? Oh, just wait.
Just let me
Yeah.
[Music]
Ah, hey.
Okay.
[Music]
Merry Christmas.
Now he said, "I feel so [__] up." I I
have
Where is death?
My brain kind of shut down after like
after I joined the call. So I kind of
forgot how I felt about chapter 4.
What's happening? Like what? Like what
is the
prophecy? What is this
thing? Well, we still have half a game
left to find out.
Okay, I have so many different
questions.
Okay.
Uh that
I need I need I need time to process
this information.
Good night every pill and every pony.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
Oh. Uh, I'm going to end
stream. I need I need time.
Daddy said goodbye stream. Goodbye.
Goodbye stream. Bye stream. Thanks for
Delun.
And remember,